2.2.6 
Woops, large bug fixed

2.2.5
Request Large Attack will now use first fake with a target to calculate from if no main is set

2.2.4
Bugfix on the include raiding. It seems = != == ;)

2.2.3
Rightclicking a label in Request Large Attack will make that labels target (or blank field) swap with main target. Very usefull if you are sending real attacks to 2 castles, but want fakes to be even across all.

2.2.1
Bug fixes

2.2.0
Dungeon Control - much more detailed on skip scheduled. If you have Zerks, rangers and guardians in a castle, and the zerks are scheduled for an attack, skip scheduled will now allow rangers and guardians to go out raiding while the zerks are scheduled.

2.1.28
Be aware that ship traveltimes are just an approximation and also lacking the 1 hour packing time
Request Large Attack is now live
Distance/time calculated from Main target
If you want to send only fakes, put in central fake target in main for the selecting units and update part, then delete it from main before send, and you should only send all the fakes.
Include raiding will now also show the units that are raiding. For all the request windows, cancel raids will do a full cancel now, it cannot see start time of attacks and therefor not calculate optimal time to stop raids.

2.1.19
Request attack and support now shows Arrival time of units instead of distance!

2.1.17
Added cancle raid and skip scheduled to req atk and req sup

2.1.15
Bugfixes

2.1.13
LB (and thereby BR) will now first what ever cottages, marketplaces, warehouses and 1 magetower from the layout before going on to the rest.

2.1.11
Note: If BR is stuck for more than 30 secs, it will jump to next city, so have jsut a little patience.

2.1.8
Bugfixes

2.1.4
Fixed a major bug (stupid casesensitivity). Finally think I have the foot on the kick issue in BR. On the down side - since a lot of things now work 'as intended' there seems to be a few places where scripts can be stuck. If you hit one, please tell me best of details and if possible the log.

2.1.3
Possiblility to cancle raids in the selected cities when requesting raids. Sadly, the indirect way does not support detting units to return just before raid goes, only stopping them.

2.1.1
Changed a lot of the layout code, hoping it will improve performance (skipping calling tweak for most functions now)

2.1.0
Added default checkbox to DC, that will filter out cities with scheduled orders (no more accidently sending out raid before troops leaves).
Added affinity dropdown. Default - as always. Double - makes it possible to hit an affinity dungeon almost twice as far away as closest similar nonaffinity dungeon. Strict - only hit affinity dungeons. Dungeontype - gives itself.

2.0.19
Coded to remidy that buildqueue sometimes get stuck

2.0.18
Seems they change some time components, code should reflect that now

2.0.16
You can set your minimum dungeon and boss level in options

2.0.15
WC Doungeon control now respects levels set in dropdown on main screen

2.0.12
Fixed bug where a castle might not send attack

2.0.11
Rewriting the whole data reading part - might break a few things in the process

2.0.9
Dungeon Control now have an map update button to just update the continents where there are troops precent

2.0.8
Fixed a bug introduced

2.0.7
Worked some details over i BR. It will not add more than 6 destroyed res nodes to the queue. It will also not always fill all buildqueue slots. Also some validating, if for some reason a valid building is in buildqueue getting destroyed, it will be cancled from the queue.

2.0.6
Added autobuild walls on buildround to options. Note, this is default OFF! You have to go and set it to True in options, if you want BR to build walls and towers according to tag after buildspeed has been reached and TH and MT is level 10.

2.0.2
Fixed an error

2.0.1
Added a count on how many raids was send on DungeonControl

2.0.0
WC now have dungeon control. if you havent done a FB or rightclick FB, it wont know where to send, apart from that, it uses all the standards, oh yeah, cept it will do all the marked cities with the selected units (if a city have R/G/Z, and you dont select the Z, they wont be sent out raiding.)
Might still have a lot of bugs, so any feedback welcome. Also, it wont feedback much to you, cept updating the list after all commands have been run.

1.8.20
LM will now move the lowest located highest level building available (should avoid some interference with the cottage upgrade)
At lot of general rewrite/update of code. Hope I dont introduce too many new bugs :-)

1.8.19
Cottages part of the layout will now be upgraded one at a time during buildround if possible after required buildspeed has been reached.

1.8.18
Fixed a kick issue with mgt and buildround

1.8.17
Added request attack to a single target

1.8.16
Added timing to Request Support,
Minor enhancements

1.8.14
Request Support page on WC done.
Update button refreshes unit counts.
If target is left empty, it will send to current active city

1.8.13
Changes to BR

1.8.10
Improved the boss send code somewhat

1.8.9
Towers now build right from menu
Send boss will now try keep going til no more units in town. Note - it was quite hard, as sends are not guaranteed. It will count a boss as sent if ts was high enough - and decrease the tropo count in city - to avoid trying to send to more than there are troops for (as troop update takes forever relatively). So if you didnt have boss list updated, and it skippe dthough a couple of bosses and wont send any more even though the troops are there, move to another city and back, and the troopcount will be updated and you can send again. I will correct this if I find a better way. If list is emptied on a send, it will do a 'FB' to check if new ones are there. Level 7 will offcause pop up again.

1.8.8
Scouts included in support now

1.8.7
If you select a city on regionview, and then rightclick a target field in Weapons Control in Attack or support, it will insert the coordinate!

1.8.6
If no scheduled raids or supports found, 'Stop raids' will set all raids to 'Once'
DefaultFakeTS (3000) and stopRaidsHBefore (4) added to options

1.8.5
Added stop raids. Push after attacks have appeared in Command Summary. Will find earliest depart time, and try and set returntime of all raids 5 hours before that. (Will show as 1 hour before - strange server thing??) Rightclick to set raids back to repeat

1.8.4
Added more fakes and seperate action for fakes.

1.8.3
Moved some buttons into CH menu, and minimized the size of the remaining buttons to avoid conflicts on the bottom bar

1.8.2
Added support tab
Will send support to coords entered. If multiple coords entered, support will be split evenly.
Once again, no error control etc :-)
Option to send offensive units and include units not home again

1.8.1
Timing ussue fixed

1.8.0
WEAPONS CONTROL IS HOT!!
New WC button
Beware - no error control or the like!
Put in main target, if you put in coords in fake boxes, it will send fakes to those. It will send minimum 3kts fakes if nothing put in (depening on mix of troops it might not hit 3k exactly).
Coords are xxx:yyy (for easy copy paste from attack plans)
Choose if you want only troops currently in city or all troops (including those attacking and raiding)
Choose if you want all types or just offensive
If you have mixed water/land (ie, frigs and mages) it will only send water attacks. It will not calc if you have enough frigs, so make sure to recruit a surplus. If you have wgs and mages (dunno why) it will fail.

1.7.1 New (and default) ratio - allratio to frecommands. Makes it even easier.

1.7.0
Options now appearing. You can change the values and it will save them for next time. Observe though that some labels and other stuff are set at startup, and wont reflect new values till next time the browsers load (the code will use the right values though). Rightlick CHO to reset to default values.

1.6.18
Rewrote the whole FB system. It now takes small bites of the map, preventing the 'busy script' error. Also, you can now use the rightclick FB with ease, and have all dungeons and bosses for the whole world at one click, no need for finding at each continent (you still can do that though).
FB button wil stay grey while the map is loaded.

1.6.10
Now saving FB list pr continent, so you can do it once for each continent while sending out, and you can do all raids etc in one go.

1.6.9
BR will upgrade 1 MT to level 10 after cottages stopped building and TH reached 10.

1.6.7
BR will now stop cottages when city buildspeed (not counting research and shrine) gets above 2k, and then start adding TH to buldqueue till it reaches level 10.
Rightclick BR starts buildround, will go through all cities on current list (select building first), and do a BR. When done with a round, it will wait 30-90 mins before starting a new one. Rigth click again to stop.
LW button should now build wall 1 more reliable.
Dungeon and boss list will now sort according what troops are in city (if only landtroops, only land dungeosn within 15 squares and landbosses on same continent will be on list, if only watertroops water dungeons in a 3x3 continent square around the current continent and all waterbosses. Combined with the ratio it allows for fast sending raids.

1.6.6
BR will essentially  do the following:
LM is possible. If free build spots - LB, if no free buildspots FPB. If still free spots on buildqueue: If resnodes to destroy available - LB 1/4'th of buildqueu, LDB 1/4'th of buildqueu, LDR for rest. If no resnodes need destroying: LB 1/2 buildqueue, LDB 1/2 buildqueu.
Also upped loot capacity a bit on level 9 and 10 dungeons

1.6.4
you can now filter dungeons on ratio, and added distance to dungeon list
added menu to LW, also, now 4 different layouts will be built depending on city tag. P, C, R will yield different tower layouts, and a default will yeild the usual default, a second castle layout can be choosen by the rightclick menu, or any layout choosen no matter what tag city has.

1.6.2
Lots of improvements
Added a thing I wanted some time now, dungeon list now shows a capacity ratio, that is, how many full raids can you send with the current units in the city. Makes it easier to choose what dungeon to send raids to. Also fixed an error in the warministersend for boats.

Oh, and a little ‘B’ button on the left. Hit it, and it will check if any of the units in the city has enough attack to take out the currently listed bossmob, and if it can, send, and go to next boss.

Tweaked a bit. Added an extra option on rightclick B menu. B tooltip will now show buildminister status (one of the presets or a mix of those)

1.5.1
Optimized SD a lot. Added an extra SD button (S) on edge of city view to easier send from defence overview

1.5.0
CO - Toggle overview of buildings built, missing, resnodes not destroyed, buildings blocked (unbuilt and move)

1.4.8
After adding some codechanges, a much requested function has been added to the LB menu. Add up to cottage. It will first try to build the cottages in the layout, and then use spots that are free in the layout and in the city, to build cottages, up to a max total of X cottages (10-20-30 and 40) without having to include them in the layout

1.4.7
Right click B added, for granular control of autobuild option, combined with new FPQ (build minister fill queue, and then attempt to pay for all in queue), it allows for really fast building with medallions.

1.4.6
Optimized a few things.
Remove buildings will now remove cottages last

1.4.5
Amongst other things, list now only contains bosses that you will gain artifacts from.

1.4.4
Change rightclick on LB, LDB and LDR. Standardclick works as before, LB will now stop properly when there is not room for the building in the city. Rightclick allows to force mroe buildings in. LDB cannot see what buildings are already queued for destruction, so if 2 are already, and you send 1 to queue, it will try to send the one you already have in queue and nothing happens. LDR has been optimized, will now prioritize, and remove res nodes that blocks for buildings first.

1.4.2
parameterised 'waittime', just modify thise one variable and you can change minimum time between send commands
SD - evil button! Probably on the edge of the rules, so handle with care! Usage:
Do FB. Sort on minimum dungeon level you want to raid, and on land/water according to the raids you are about to send. go to city where you want all your units to raid, wait for distance update to settle (hide bosses and lawless for faster update), hit SD. It will then take the top dungeon from the list (or the dungoen you choose from the list), and try to send all raiding units in city to raid that dungeon in appropiate sized raids. Chage to next city, let the list settle, hit SD, rince and repeat.

1.4.0
Now possible to sort on land/sea and minimum dungeon level.
BIG change: FB wont jump to first boss anymore - jump to it by clicking on the boss.
Distances are now recalculated when you change city - no need to reload FB as long as you are on same continent. Also means, when you change town, first boss on the list change, so click it to relocate.
When you rightclick a list, it will hide the selector AND clear the list, so it wont recalculate each time you change city.

1.3.3 
Dungeons now sorted by distance*(100+percent)/100
So a 50% dungeon will be sorted further down the list than an equal distance 10%, as i will be better and longer raiding.

1.3.2 
Lots of details fixed
Dungeons added

1.3.0
FB finds all bosses on continent and also all lawless cities. All sorted by distance from current city. NB will remove the current selected boss from the list (works best if you let it be the first one and just pulls it off all the time. It might miss one or two, also, lowlevel bosses dont go inactive when you hit them like highlevels ones, so they stay on the list.

1.2.10
right click on LB gives 1 building added to queue (even over building limit), right click LBD and LBR removes 1 building or ressource respectively.

1.2.9
Removed a lot of the errors introduced in 1.2.8 :)

1.2.8
Los of improvements on buttons, prolly introduced a few errors as well

1.2.7
Works with waterside spots as well

1.2.6
Change to name
Will now seach for 0 - ie: warehouse name is J230A, Search will start from J2300. To avoid holes in name range, and to avoid warehouses to stick out.
Also, if city is a warehouse, naming will start with a generated name from my naming convention (if you dont like it, dont use it on warehouses :) )

1.2.5
Wont autobuild castles
Sometimes browserlag eats a building from the queue, another click on the button should send in missing buildings though

1.2.4
LD button divided into one taking out res and one taking out buildings
LW button builds wall if not precent, and then a standard layout of 4 lookout and 3 of each fortification and 2 of each trap tower. If you dont like that layout, change it or dont use it :)
Minor erros fixed
Little issue around LB, it seems to sometimes add a single building that there is not a free buildspace for. No other harm is done, and I cant seem to pinpoint where it goes wrong.

1.2.1
City build thingy is now included. Required 100% on layouts through louTweak
LB: Builds on all empty spaces as long as it dont build more numbers than in final layout.
LM: Moves those buildings in wrong spaces to free spaces where they belong
LD: Destroys first all res nodes that are not on layout. Then destroys all buildins that will not be part of final layout

1.1.0
N: Takes the name of the nearest warehouse, and then alphanumerical count it up till it finds a free name, then sets the cityname.

1.0.0
2 buttons on button bar
B: sets current city build minister to autobuild all buildings and defences
T: Set trademinister settings on current city according to the following:
Target is closest city with *W* in tag
No protection of res, no retaining carts or ships
According to tag, the following res levels are set in this priority:
*WTH* No action is done (dont mess with a warehouse, transport or hub)
*C* castle, 200k wood, stone, iron and 575k food
*DI* defensive and raid, 200k wood, stone, iron and 375k food
*X* baron city 200k wood, stone, 100k iron and food
anything else - 200k wood, stone